# vim:fileencoding=utf-8:foldmethod=marker

# COLOR {{{

figure.facecolor: black

xtick.color: white
ytick.color: white

xtick.labelcolor: lime
ytick.labelcolor: lime

axes.facecolor: black
axes.edgecolor: lime

axes.prop_cycle: cycler('color', ['lime', 'red', 'cyan', 'magenta', 'yellow', '8579ff', 'pink', 'royalblue', 'salmon', '00a76e'])

text.color: white

# }}}

# GRID {{{

axes.grid: True
axes.grid.axis: both
axes.grid.which: major

grid.color: white
grid.linestyle: -
grid.linewidth: 0.25
grid.alpha: 0.6

# }}}

# TICKS {{{

# X TICK {{{
xtick.top: True
xtick.bottom: True
xtick.direction: inout

xtick.major.top: True
xtick.major.bottom: True
xtick.major.size: 8
xtick.major.width: 1

xtick.minor.visible: True
xtick.minor.size: 4
xtick.minor.top: True
xtick.minor.bottom: True
xtick.minor.width: 0.5
# }}}


# Y TICK {{{
ytick.left: True
ytick.right: True
ytick.direction: inout

ytick.major.left: True
ytick.major.right: True
ytick.major.size: 8
ytick.major.width: 1

ytick.minor.visible: True
ytick.minor.size: 4
ytick.minor.left: True
ytick.minor.right: True
ytick.minor.width: 0.5
# }}}

# }}}

# LINES {{{

lines.linewidth: 2.0
lines.linestyle: -
lines.antialiased: True

# }}}

# TEXT AND FONT {{{

text.antialiased: True

font.family: monospace
font.style: normal
font.variant: normal
font.weight: normal
font.stretch: normal
font.size: 12.0

font.monospace: RobotoMono Nerd Font, JetBrainsMono Nerd Font, Iosevka Nerd Font, Dejavu Sans Mono, monospace

# }}}
